(Use word wrap) Because of homework and all my weekend being taken up, this project had to be delayed for a while. Though I spent some time looking up various ruby code, no main development happened until today. Thankfully tomorrow is a mostly free day for me to get things done. 

As for today's development, I figured out how to test on device. Turned out that there is a production build button in RhoMobile to build it for you BUT you need to have all the file paths straightened out. Escpecially the java one as building can take awhile. Since my test phone still couldnt even load the app I went and tried running the build in command prompt to get it signed as well.. I know that my phone shouldnt need it but its lack of debug information gives me little room to work with. All it says is application not installed with a check next to it. Im currently wawiting on it to reget the apk which is taking while.
http://docs.rhomobile.com/rhodes/build#build-for-android

UPDATE: after a very very very lengthy download time for no reason besides my apartments finicky wifi connection, the app was able to load without issue. I shall let my teammates know since they were wondering about getting an apk to work with.

Development is going slow again. I dont work with CSS, HTML, or Jquery at all when its not on these projects so its like I know what to do but I have to keep googling answers. Tucker gave me a tip to remove a jquery patch included with rhomobile and a bunch of css files since they interfered with his project being built correctly. After some testing, I can see what he means witht he css files at the very least. It seems impracticle to have a css for every single phone. Im unsure about what the jquery patches actually do.

Some reasearch was done to see what those bb.erb files were actually for since they didnt seem to do anything in the tests I ran. It turned out to be a special build case. When RhoMobile builds for blackberry it uses those files instead of the standard .erb ones. Very curious indeed but I dont have time to find out why. Since I dont need this to run on a blackberry, Im ignoring the bb files.

Tomorrow I shall work out on the layout of all the pages and functionality between them along with whatever else I can muster. I have an advantage in this being the coder for the tutor app (which really needs an overhaul) and the all about me app. Im hoping that by wed. night I will have a functional local mingle app. Since I dont know about database or php at all, Im unaware if it will progress further than that given the time left.