(user word wrap) Please note that this is being written a day late. This log is for the 2nd and not the 3rd. Same goes for the github upload. Its meant for the 2nd and not the 3rd. I didnt get round to uploading it till after midnight

Tuesday turned out to be very productive even though it seems like not much got done. The intro page has been revampted to allow for either login or registering from the start. A new page is now accessible called registering that allows for making an account. The login page now works as well (after registering of course). More details below.

The login page is what I started working on. Even though I have looked at ruby code it was a different matter actually using it. After some time I found that there was a sync engine in the code that was meant for logging in. Upon more investigation, I got more confused about the sync engine than I did when I started. Based on the documentation it allowed for logging in with the help of RhoConnect. Based on what others have said about it (noteably Tucker) and what I have seen of it, its a waste of my time to work with it. Seeing as my goal was simply to make a local version working I scrapped the current login code and replaced it with a new one. It took quite a bit of testing to do but what I have is the code looking for a txt file named as the user. If it exist check the password typed in with the word in the txt file and sees if they match. Big security risk I know but its only local. I would use a database instead but I dont know much of anything about database. The more I code big projects the more it makes me realize that I should learn some. Logging in leads to the defualt RhoMoible landing page which will later be the profile page. Trying to log in as a non user or with a wrong password gives a message saying either one is incorrect.

The registering page quite honestly took longer than logging in. I didnt know how to create a file with ruby and write to it. It was quite easy after finding that out though until I ran into multiple errors with no debug information to go on. I forgot to add the writable arguement when creating a file and the passwords werent being saved right. Then the password and verifying it wasn't working right. After finding and fixing that the login page stopped working again. After this back and forth mess the registering page was working... mostly. The page itself takes a username, password, and a password verify fields. The problem was that old users could be erased. Easy fix later and it was done. The page directs to the login page saying for the user to log in. Mostly used for debugging but other sites do that as well. Funny thing is is that for some reason the RhoSimulator remembers the last time it ran so I cant create accounts I made in previous tests. This shouldn't effect phone tests.

The phone has not been tested with these features yet, That will be done tomorrow (today).